we will now install a
distance of 50 as electronic injection
with a universal whip
the stops will use the auxiliary king
or is known with network overhead
turn aside cherished stop by
rock
then can the pink wire and
orange rose and orange together
we will put in the terminal that makes 1 in
other key
we will use a rotary terminal to this
soon followed the moment we will make the other
side of the terminal touch - the film gray
of the whip
but the terminal 85 of the king and 85 Nine
and together with the gray of the alarm - to
terminal post that goes to the
frame that stand up by the fashion whip
to the frame doing the same way the
isolation
we will now join the black whip son who
it's the negative end
together with terminal source 86 of the
osier
86 with riley and kick the negative that is the
alarm black on u negative
in the case of the fine is the end dark green
the wire or off the wire harness .
alarm on the green police red wire that
is the neutral in the mobile
the bone along with the green with rita
pb doing involving the children yellow
means that certain
it does not matter if the left or right
light subject the other
left and right
We have two blue children , one we'll
red is positive
the other
we will with yellow wire for this red
which is the start of the ball by the
fashion
the other is the positive red thread
doing the isolation
we will now remove the terminal from the
the pump key point which is the
two blue sons 30 from the terminal iliac
tries along with black and blue wire from
pump the two together next to the state
to the frame making the insulation
blue and red of the whip and
we will put on the fashionable red thread that
is what the positive and finally we will
to have 87 new red film relay final
a white is good
the terminal and t7 of the relay in red
buying from death
let's do a test